Yes, this is as Oyama title this time
If there was my, anti increased, but decided from child
Well that's also decided that-
Yeah
Garlic Nursing Center
So you are in your current family
Well, the company's Nyan Chu comes to the video of the mission.
It is no good woman
Just
Well we do not defeat the garlic jr of another runaway mission to or Well I
Positive
Of charge impact
Well that
Money stage
What a free time until 4 Well I would'm coming home
Hmm
Also Yeah'd Maka' just does not come word Onakai
Do you have anything
I would like to say to me the words I 'm directly facing you like this, but please direct to me please say directly
It is better
Because of each such shadow
Such idiots from the shadow of that site on youtube
I'm wondering but if you have something to say, look like this
It would be nice to speak to the face through the video
I do not have that copper mirror
That's the case with the complaint video, etc.
before this
Bar menu and 1 facial features when I put out the normal moving but you have been done of the rider
It is not
Despite the words I want to say, I had to have it in the Ares extermination video
I did not look out
I don't really know what I'm talking about oars
I was out or something and whether after then something apology
I 'm talking about the roll in the first half and I can't say anything
So say something like sending a card
I was going to apologize, though
Appearance designation
I thought it would be a true society to apologize, but when
Hmm
Well I wrote that way
He'll it is better to apologize properly to stand because the it is true society
Movie site screen
I really apologize so much
Ebara 7
Parents can also buy and give things to take care of their children
I'm totally together
Through trying mood send a refrigeration high guy
I am
Playing toys and snacks for children who are eating
Give and give up smoking
It was totally together
Well big it
If you want to increase in the manchi
Mom is Rico salt garlic jr
'M not Tara anxiety layer
This is also a cat before this
Stupid stupid stupid stupid or freely about the comments section 7 seconds
I have not done editing very much anymore
I blocked it
If you are cutting to me then you will face out this statement
You should put out a burger
I ne what Yibin I was reluctant things into your eyes Te Managing Director
If you like nasa, look out like this
I feel that there is gonna be web that d 7 Ke Mi Lee
It's a video and it's true if you can tell me
Oh hide in the shadow of that comment column
Remove comments that are not the same as 6
Still post
I did not save it repeatedly
Aso that I
It can be said that it is easy to move
It is taken by Mary and the next move festivals and suck w this
I'm cold
It should be said
It is just a timid person to write or a fool hiding in the shadow of the comment field
Just dwarfs
If I have the right hand
It's better if you show the video towards you if you don't face it
In the future But I leave ignore Naam the
Hmm
This time I have a little you Well now time
Though it was video
I Ne There's a time
I put out a video
Alternate splash as usual
I'll make a makeover watch but I won't reply when it falls
Umbrella but there blocks
That's it
I think that it is a vermilion rider and of this radish
This matter is good
Is it so much free time
I boy money bad it is not it a thing you're doing is a child
Just because it can not be cleared
I wonder if it will be enshrined but a
It is the same with video games
High that had to purchase the soon can not be clear aim new software
Like a mountain
If the curry animation is put out in 1 if the software that Mashima bought and bought
Play Day 's Play Video
It 's about time you 're free to paint that you 're the one who is clearing up and selling more and more
Or a
Complete recovery
It is completely with it
We will continue Well
Because the editor
Immediate block
Well character princess
receive
I wonder if you have such a child
I want acacia
I got more
Certainly it's strange to garlic people
Umm Well that's about it
Well Everyone Well kind of spare 1 race I am the anti-family Well
I blocked immediately in reply
But I took this video because there is now just time up something countless to
That's it